It is this Kagurazame but
It Marken is also Fisheries Experimental Station station in thorns
I will be a survey student
It is there the ship Oh
it was done
Previous Te
Because it is a photograph of living in such a special environment of the new system
In good condition
I is difficult I mean mad all from the sea but Kuremashi by Kikashi the danger in people's sailors
Teh
Because it is a research vessel , even play that it is quite difficult to bring it in a state of use
There, but we have a
Oh of 2011
Yes you rescue
And we have opened it is to reverse ones shark
It is somehow that there I am cool Put the seawater
I feel a sense of normality here
If the state is com
It's just this little bird but still
There are almost no examples
How is it
To grow
It is So you Tteyuu
You clearly know of our hand wants fumbling of state
I'm still keeping breeding now
I do not you eat the bait yet still it is quite
I'm having a hard time, but I'm asking Hitachi, but it's good too
Other at 250 meters of promotion
Distribution to end made sushi
Is Yes I is shallow as this talk is the area
That's right I
A few laps of about 200 meters from morning
US communication practice 500m quite wide
By say you of
Hmm
Configuration
Say at relatively shallow and consider the depth of water
Say caught was a cormorant
I even though I Ne is this Kagura
That's right I'm doing an error child 2
I have to be crazy
You get a strong poison vomited error of
From that place
Did alive but I become upset because the ancient mountain
I liked it
You can your hot water
Something to feature the in Samurai' to this time these God there is entered answer to his feet by it Yes the answer
Is there
Yes I still have a length of body
It is masu about 1m
Still to young
Right
It is still quite expensive because it has 5.5 deniers of cat's car when it grows up
That's right ã‡
It looks like a sample of kagrassa
Stomach contents
Have in
To some extent, home stars are not at all
It is everyone
Small fish and shrimp crab
Eat, such as carcasses of it from it's whale
I know
Well
Shame and then
It is anger like this kind of small fish
I eat a lot of food
That water comes out of the stomach
As a kind of thing, I can choose these things
But
After this is this individual
A when it is brought
Because I spited a kind of half-digested mom
a yes
below
Well though it is part of the head and torso
Well this
I think such things by say Na or not it was eating squid
Try it
I 'm raising now
It is Bluntnose Sixgill Shark situation
It has been a long time, but there is no record of being a father
Hey
It's Kedomo I get a I'm looking for Domomo various materials
now
Ga' I think I want to give alive somehow I 11 is long